# python-api-challenge

  In WeatherPy I randomly selected over 600 cities using citipy, and used API requests to Openweather to extract the latitude, longitude, maximum temperature, humidity, cloudiness, and wind speed for said cities that are on Openweather. I then created several scatterplots and linear regressions comparing these datasets (other than longitude) against the latitude of the cities. In this dataset none of the least humid cities were on the equator (as one would imagine). Additionally, there was almost no correllation between wind speed and latitude. These scatterplots/regressions also illustrated how maximum temperature seems to fall the further one gets from the equator. While all of these observations are what one would imagine, these plots provide concrete evidence of these trends. All of the plots were pushed to github as .png files. All of the city data from Openweather was also written out as a .csv file and is here on github.

  For the VacationPy challenge, I wrote in the .csv file from WeatherPy and used the data to create a "heatmap" based upon humidity. This was done using Google APIs. Once that was done, I narrowed down which cities had a maximum temperature of between 70 and 80 degrees Fahrenheit, a wind speed of below 10 mph, and a cloud % of 0. Once this was done, I used the Maps Javascript API to find the closest hotel to these cities within a 5000 radius. One city was not found on the Maps API, but the locations of the hotels were then loaded on top of the heatmap.
